What three days?
Brother, how can three days be enough?
Then Lin Hai will never stay with you
Not only has his cultivation base reached the ninth grade of qi training
Moreover, he is still a disciple of the ninth elder of Tianzong.
Tianzong
Master and apprentice established Tianzun in the world
I want to honor you as my ancestor
I don't know if you want to
Such a misbegotten scum
Can also be regarded as a disciple of Tianzong
It seems that this thousand years have passed
People are old.
Brother, are you alright?
No matter what backers he has
What's the background?
I don't even care about him
Brother, this is a big deal about Xingming
No fun
Don't worry, after three days, the deity will have its own way
But it's okay.
The deity is a little tired
Go back and rest first
Well, forget it.
The antelope has just recovered
I can't make a clear judgment for a while
Just let him think about it for himself
Incomplete soul
Jindan Jinsui
This Protoss is really ruthless
Master Xiaobai
Hello little white elf
Don't worry, it won't take long.
This deity can make you stand proudly for nine days
The deity has stood proudly in this ninth heaven for thousands of years
I didn't expect that only a thousand years have passed
In fact, no one has recognized the deity in these nine days
The deity made them optimistic this time
Brother, the big money has started.